The start of the booth was Kikuchi This was once
It is not easy to get out because it is a big hit
Ceiling
The mild pitches fit in the place where the runner came out and became a third base and it is not good
And Kuriyama is
I will not miss that upset
Sanyu
Type v the way two points carrying on Rigoto to narrow San'yukan
The feeling that you must do your best today is a
Along the side
I was going to give 4 balls to the foremost family straight now
Yes this is so but it is still th Nee
To not take a fit in the direction Lotus However's mouth in time cubic meters Asamura of fail-Man
Unloading
Then from the second fastest Katayama
Another point enters timely hit between the prosecution during the infield grounder further Sumitani there Sakado
I took our shop once
This is Tokame that has two times of front court that battle cutter
Maggie Buller
We listed between
GOOD FOR YOU
I hit a single shot Yes
There Well traces of Eee still contains bottles of growth at Tteyuu outperformed somehow in it
I think that this was Nagai's good play in Matsui's third hit .
By the way, it was said that the rhythm was made and four times were suppressed to three people all out
It is the time of the problem that will meet 5 times
Matsui beginner's class 1-1 without 2 out runners
Fishing sphere of its after this Fujita remove sphere
That was delayed from the home run
Scarf pattern
Seed Congratulations black fast any ball softening
I can't forgive the ax cutter a
After this controversy Birujo Castle continuous hit and also Manny people are out
1 screen
You lose three points is a 5-to-4 knocked husband second base first base
Around the time remaining, hitting the ball Takechi 's mound
Asamura
It This award is the
It's fine play and its back next time with no 2 out runners with Asamura's hit
a changed
Osaki as the street is closed and full
This monster appeared in thump
Would do not make this kind of leg
Moreover, it is good to use one at all times
It is a result of raining on the 10th, yes it was registered on the belly
Dora is six times for being able to endure Kaneko after that
Ivan's Should Two Base
Fourth hit
In putter Then as notebook third base first base in the person of Kuriyama after its Spyri
is
Here batting average is a 20% stand first half
is inside
That's why so many Sae Seibu okay
Launch west fly at this
Once I was back on 4.3 I regained the eight oceans
Takeo is
I will process and reduce 7 times 6 times to 7 batter
I do not allow one, I will also have a fur ball Sherbet Lily
The flowers were on the left hand but they did not fit in the end
Hmm
Dim Sum This is 7 times of the last of the butter, but little was probe wife the day of the corner struck out one person
In 9 times 4 points difference and many
Matsui 1
3 people retired
It is today 4 that it became overdraft of taking card consecutive using zone 4 game set contents
It was 6 commentary of strike Eagles